# Pixela_Habit_Tracker
- The Pixela Tracker developed by japanese people and its a habit tracker like you want to keep track of the habit that you are developing. In my case I want keep track of how many hjours I spent in Gym. OS developed a Habit tracker
- The Habit tracker is developed using requests module and by using POST request API method.
- Step 1 : Creation of the username and token. Refering the documentation to identify the endpoint and we pass in the parameters and used then used post() method to generate a username and token. Which we can give any and printed the status using text method to check whether if its successful or not or we can use antoher username if it shows that the username already exists. Expected parameters are token, username, agreeTermsOfService and notMinor.
- Step 2 : Generating of graphs. Refering the documention to identfiy the endpoint and parameters then passed the required parameters like id for graph, name of the title you want the habit tracker, unit in which unit you want to measure, type like int or float, color check the documenation. Documention Link: https://docs.pixe.la/entry/post-graph. Then to view the tracker in browser https://pixe.la/v1/users/a-know/graphs/test-graph, paste the above link replace test-graph with your graph id and a-know with your username. Then we need to authencation for api that is api which in our case is Token we use a concept called header which is provides more security in the output link so that nobody could steal our API key.
- Step 3 : Adding pixels to the graph. Refering the documention to identfiy the endpoint and parameters then passed the required parameters like date and quantity date it expects in YYMMDD format and quantity we passed in input for the users so that he can enter how many hours he spent in an activity. We used datetime module to automate and get todays date and used stfftime() to change the date format into the required format.
